update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/profiles-overview.md

## Custom profiles

In addition to the default profiles, users of Enterprise, Performance and Efficiency editions can create custom profiles.  
Custom profiles must be created and updated in the [profile editor](profileCreation.md) of Bonita studio. 

> To create a custom profile, map it to entities of the organization.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a custom profile accessible to users, it has to be mapped to entities of the organization.  
```
otherwise this sentence seems weird to me
